Business Problem Statement:
Design and implement a basic pizza ordering app

    - You should be able to order and customize a regular cheese pizza
    - Each customization will affect the price
    - Store/Site manager should be able to control the inventory
    - Store/Site manager can add new toppings

Note: There could be multiple users trying to order pizzas at any given time against the limited inventory. Please make sure such cases are covered by your implementation.

Note: If you solve the problem in a language other than Java; any language specific idiosyncrasies should be well documented in either the comments or the README.

Keep in mind how your design could be extended in the following ways:

    Select different sizes and varieties of pizza base/cheese/sauce.
    Store/Site manager should be able to create deals/promotions in the app.
    Creating a REST API to place order and manage inventory/deals

Note: This is an open ended exercise so, feel free to make assumptions when creating a solution.
You can explain details about your solution approach and assumptions during the onsite interview/during evaluation.

Required deliverables:

    - A document explaining the design principles and algorithm
    - Working production ready code and corresponding unit test (at least the main functionality) for use cases packaged as a maven project (or some other commandline runnable build system).
    - A README file explaining the usage of pizza ordering app:
        How to operate it
        What is the expected output?

How to deliver the code to us?
Option 1 - github:
    Check your code into a public GitHub repo 
    Create a GitHub release when you submit it to us (we specifically want to see what you had accomplished in the elapsed time).
    Email back with the GitHub URL.

Option 2 - zipped source with instructions to run:
    Remove any binaries from the zipped archive
    Add instructions/readme that clearly indicates the build and run commands
    Make sure the project runs on mac/linux environment